Good evening, Israel.
This is a very tough time to be
a Jew anywhere in the world and
particularly in Israel.
I have tried to keep up with the
events.
Of course,
your media has a news blackout on most
everything that has happened.
There are, of course,
countless YouTube jihadists that are
showing the utter obliteration of Israel.
It appears from the many videos that I
have filtered through that Iran has
created a cluster missile that releases
thirty or forty incendiary type explosives
out of one warhead.
and that Israel is having a very difficult
time stopping that and that one has hit
Tel Aviv and other places in Israel and
that they have landed very large missiles
that have actually penetrated bomb
shelters.
I was exceedingly disappointed
That you as a nation by considerable
majority,
almost by two thirds majority favored
attacking Iran again.
I'm disappointed that you trust Donald
Trump and you believe that he has Israel's
back and that he is the second coming
of Cyrus.
This simply is not the case unless you
actually know the true Cyrus and the fact
that he bribed his way into the conquest
of Babylon.
It is my conclusion, Israel,
and I am a expert on the prophets.
I probably know more about what Yahowah
revealed through his prophets.
I certainly understand more of what Yahowah
revealed through his prophets,
particularly at this time than anyone
else.
My most recent book on this subject,
you can find it at YadaYah.com.
It's free.
It's the ninth volume of the Yada Yahowah
series,
one of thirty-five books on the site,
YadaYah.com.
It's called Time of Trouble,
and it will detail what you're
experiencing now and what you will endure
over the next seven years.
I want you to understand that what I'm
going to say is critical.
No one, I mean no one,
cares more about Israel than I do.
No one is closer to the God of
Israel than I am.
And yet I must be critical because you've
made a series of tragic mistakes and you
are now less than ninety days from
entering what's called the Time of
Trouble.
I'm sure you are aware that the Prophet
spoke vociferously about it the last seven
years before
Yahowah's return with your king,
who happens to be Dowd,
the Messiah and son of God.
Yeah,
the one that you wrote out of your
lives and the God whose name you erased.
That's who's returning and returning on
Yom Kipurym in twenty thirty three,
which is your six thousand Yah.
I'll be there in Jerusalem preparing a
remnant of Israel for their return on
Taruwah in that year.
And we'll join ElYah on the Temple Mount.
three and a half years prior to that
on Passover in twenty thirty.
I'm going to share prophecies about
someone that is mentioned four times,
twice in the Psalms, twice in Isaiah,
called Rahab.
And I want you to pay very close
attention to who Rahab is,
because Israel right now is a vassal of
this man, Netanyahu.
put his nose so far up Rahab's butt
yesterday, it was reprehensible.
And I want you to know what the
prophets had to say about him because they
say that he will betray Israel.
This is a terrible position you have put
yourself in.
And I also want to speak to you
about this war that you initiated with
Iran.
I don't speak in this situation as someone
who likes Iran, I do not.
I have no problem with the Persian people.
Matter of fact,
one of my books had the highest readership
in Iran,
if any place else in the world you
may have heard of,
it's called Prophet of Doom.
It had a profound effect on mitigating the
influence of Islam in Iran so that there
became a secular society again.
I am unquestionably the world's foremost
expert on the religion of Islam.
And I prove in my five volumes,
four thousand two hundred pages of Goddamn
Religion free also at YadaYah.com.
That Allah is not a god.
That Muhammad was not a prophet.
That the Quran by any measure is the
worst book ever written.
And that the first Muslims perpetrated
genocide against Jews.
Raping and enslaving.
Those they didn't murder.
The first year of the Islamic era begins
with the Pledge of Aqaba,
which is a pledge to wage war against
all mankind.
It began against the Jews.
You are just continuing that battle.
Al Aqsa flood was a rehearsal for what's
going to happen a little over a year
from now.
And it was a repeat of what Muhammad
and the first Muslims did at Kabar.
If you read Prophet of Doom,
you'll know what happened at Kabar.
You'll see it's exactly the same scenario
that took place right down to the smallest
details on October seventh of twenty
twenty three.
It was on that day that I wrote
a hundred page letter to Israel.
Telling Israel the five things that you
needed to do to survive.
And then also telling you the things that
I thought you were going to do and
how that would be suicidal.
You did all of them and it proved
to be the case.
This is not your first mistake recently,
Israel, which you don't know.
And you don't seem to be able to
process is that the purpose of Al Aqsa
flood wasn't to conquer Israel.
It wasn't to expand Gaza.
It was to play Israel.
The entire purpose was to be so
belligerent,
so grotesque that Israel would do what it
did to Gaza.
That as rage against the kidnapping and
the rapes
and the murders and the plunder and the
arson,
largely by everyday Muslims in tennis
shoes and garden tools,
some with automatic weapons,
that shattered your trust in the IDF
because they didn't respond.
They didn't protect you and your
government.
Most certainly shattered your trust in
your rabbis.
And caused Israel to lash out at Gaza
in a way that destroyed it.
Probably killed seventy thousand people.
That's even the estimates from the IDF,
I guess, at this point.
Well,
the population of Gaza actually grew
during that time.
They knew.
even before you invaded Gaza,
that you'd be accused of genocide and
began to accuse you of genocide even
before the invasion,
because they played you into invading Gaza
and destroying it.
And you did.
And what you did turned the world against
you.
I mean,
no one knows more about Islam than I
do.
No one loves Israel more than I do.
No one cried more for Israel on ten
seven than I did.
No one understands that you were justified
in lashing out against those who
perpetrated such grievous harm against
your people.
But sometimes you can do things that are
counterproductive,
that are more hurtful to you than they
are to your foe.
Muslims want to die for the cause.
And that was the intent.
They set them up to die because they
knew in Islam,
Israel destroying Gaza,
that the entire world would turn on
Israel, and it has.
You don't have any friends anymore,
Israel.
You're all alone.
You're isolated.
Even the most intellectual,
most well-informed commentators,
all now blame Israel for the mess the
world is in.
Even those who you wouldn't even consider
as anti-Semites previously are touting
that call, blaming you.
And frankly, you walked into the trap.
And now,
by assassinating a very evil man in the
Ayatollah,
You've enraged the world again.
You've united Muslims against you in this
fairy tale that you were going to create
regime change.
Now,
the very protests that the Mossad
inspired, cultivated, they were nothing.
They were never more than one percent of
the people.
The pro-government rallies now are five
hundred to one better attended than the
protests against the government.
You can't bomb a people into regime
change.
You tried to partner in regime change with
the United States that has perpetrated a
hundred of them.
Yeah,
they're well-practiced since the last
world war and everyone has been
counterproductive.
Have you considered what happened in
Libya?
Have you considered what happened
in Syria where you participated.
You got rid of Assad, a bad guy,
and you got the Islamic State for crying
out loud.
Look what happened in Afghanistan.
Look what happened in Iraq.
You replaced the most stalwart man as a
dictator in the Middle East against
fundamental Islamic terrorism and gave the
country to Iran.
Talk about unintended consequences.
Then you partnered with the US on that
awakening program,
arming Sunni Muslims so they would thwart
Shia Muslims and it created the Islamic
State.
This is blowing up in your face.
It was a complete myth to expect regime
change.
Regime change in the Islamic world always
goes from bad to worse.
There are no exceptions.
So why did you do it?
The country is what,
twenty times larger than yours?
That's seven million Jews,
seven and a half million Jews in Israel,
and they have ninety three million.
Population in Iraq.
You had a great air force.
People with great character defending
Israel.
But to think that Israel can beat Iran.
A country the size of Western Europe.
with a population of just shy of a
hundred million people,
or you're out of your mind,
it can't be done.
All you're doing is making them mad.
I had thought this time because you did
something tragic.
You took Russia,
which was fairly neutral in its dealings
with Israel,
but treat Israel actually quite well,
while also treating other nations around
you well.
And you turned Russia into an enemy,
not only because you joined the fight
against Russia using Ukraine as a proxy,
which was a tragic mistake by the United
States,
a grossly immoral mistake by the United
States.
And you joined that cause when Ukrainians
had been worse than Germans for a longer
period of time in terms of pogroms and
antisemitic attacks,
and you joined them
And then you attacked Iran,
which was a Russian ally.
You destroyed your relationship with
Russia.
You turned Russia against you.
And you turned China against you.
China was your second largest trading
partner.
And you turned them against you too.
You went all in with the man I'm
going to prove is Rahab,
the one the prophet spoke,
the one who will betray you.
You can't beat the combination of Russia,
China, or even BRICS,
much less even Iran on its own.
The Iranians are Persians.
They're not Gazans.
Their average IQ isn't sub-sixty.
You can't win this war.
It's tragic that you put yourself in this
position because unfortunately this time
the United States is in no position to
be able to negotiate a ceasefire.
Iranians had rather bludgeon the United
States and push the United States forever
out of the Islamic world.
And that's what they're going to do.
The United States doesn't have any staying
power.
A week, maybe two.
and they'll be gone.
They'll do what they did with the Houthis
for crying out loud.
The Houthis beat the United States and
caused the United States to turn tail and
run.
They cannot beat the Iranians.
It's not possible.
They're not going to put boots on the
ground.
They're gonna lose ships.
They've already lost bases.
And when every Islamic country said to the
United States,
you cannot use our base or our airspace,
To attack Iran.
What message did that send to you?
I want to tell you what's actually
happening.
I can't prove it.
I just sense it in my core.
The reason that China and Russia haven't
responded to your attacks and the American
attacks on their ally,
one that they're dependent upon,
both of them,
is because their ally can take a punch.
Shia Muslims are always ready to be
martyrs.
They can take a punch and they're going
to.
They even beat themselves up for fun.
And both China and Russia know that Israel
is way too small and too vulnerable.
And there's not enough interceptors in the
world
to sustain a defense of Israel and a
prolonged war and a prolonged war Israel
loses badly.
And they know it.
And they also know that America will never
reclaim its position and the Middle East
Muslims will never trust Donald Trump,
ever.
Those bases that have been abandoned,
for the most part,
they won't get them back.
You see, there were
have been over the last year while Donald
Trump has made a fool of himself with
his tariffs.
Saudi Arabia and China and Russia have
been meeting and talking regularly.
They've already made the decision to
abandon the petrodollar and to go to the
BRICS.
And they won't go alone.
They'll come with Kuwait,
Qatar, United Arab Emirates,
they'll all go together.
This war has exacerbated that.
At this war,
because of the back channel negotiations
between China and Russia,
and that's the reason they're not engaged,
they know that the longer this war goes
on, the worse it is for Israel,
the worse it is for the United States.
They stay out of it, both get bludgeoned,
both get weakened.
The United States can't afford it.
Becomes weaker, more depleted,
and more isolated from the Islamic Middle
East.
And that vacuum has already been filled.
They've already made the arrangements.
It's with China and Russia who you have
established as your most formidable
enemies, Israel.
And the United States is going to go
bankrupt over this because the US economy
is held up by the illusion of solvency
that is created through the smoke and
mirrors of the petrodollar and the US
being the reserve currency.
But that's ending now.
And this war is the final blow.
And with the fall of the petrodollar,
the utter destruction of the US economy,
European economy.
We'll go with it.
This is what you brought on yourselves in
the world.
And you isolated yourselves from the
alternative BRICS, China and Russia,
India.
Yes,
I know that you and Modi have a
glorious relationship.
It's all gonna be fine.
Modi is a pragmatist.
you're isolated and you're the enemy of
his alliance, you'll walk away.
And the one man that you have trusted
the most,
the one that you hail as the second
coming of Cyrus,
the one that is more popular in Israel
than any other will betray you.
The prophets have spoken,
they're never wrong.
And so these are the mistakes that you
have put yourself in and you've done so
Less than eighty days from the beginning
of The Time of Troubles.
Surely you know this period began seven
years before Yahowah's return with your
king, who is Dowd, David.
That means it's Shabuw'ah,
the Shabbat of the twenty-second of May of
this year.
I've been talking about this now for a
very long time.
Go to YadaYah.com,
you'll find a ticker on it on the
timeline.
How many days you have left to its
beginning.
It will last seven years until Taruwah of
twenty thirty three.
Your calendar is garbage.
It's one hundred ninety seven years off.
You don't even know when Taruwah is.
You celebrate the Babylonian head of the
year.
You're celebrating Purim now,
which is a complete fable,
a complete religious fable.
All a lie.
You've been played by your rabbis.
Hanukkah is the same thing.
It's a religious fable.
You're ignoring Yahowah's seven Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
So here's where you are.
And on this program,
I'm gonna speak to you about Rahab.
I'm going to reprise something that we
covered in Family Hour on Friday evening,
as Iran was beginning
You were beginning your assault on Iran
and Iran was beginning to retaliate.
Boy,
that was actually just hours before the
war.
With the time change,
literally hours before this war.
Oh,
I wish I could turn back the clock.
Oh, I wish I could get your attention.
Oh,
if I could get your attention back to
October seventh to twenty three and you
would read my open letter to Israel.
By the way,
you'll find it in volume one.
It's called a war with religion.
And the first volume of.
Goddamn religion is five volumes,
you'll find them at the YadaYah.com
site.
You need to read it, Israel.
It's the only way you're going to survive
this.
and then read Time of Trouble so you
know what I'm talking about.
Please,
your very existence depends upon it.
So this reads,
this is about the ninth and tenth verses
of the most important piece of literature
ever written.
Sounds a bit egotistical to say it because
I co-authored it.
with a God whose name you do not
know, but I know him.
His name is Yahowah.
The song was written primarily to resolve
a tragic failure in Dowd's life.
Dowd is the actual name of the person
you refer to as David.
He is the son of God,
according to God.
He ought to know.
He's the chosen one.
He is the Zarowa,
which means he's the Passover lamb,
according to God.
He was anointed by Yahowah,
making him the Messiah.
He is the former king and he is
the returning king.
His kingdom will be forevermore.
And he is your savior.
This Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr Psalm was
written
expressly to resolve the issue of the
Bathsheba calamity with Dowd,
where he fell out of his relationship with
Yahowah.
And it was delivered to him probably
around the time he was sixty years old.
The Bathsheba incident took place when he
was fifty-four.
It was tragic.
And his response to Yahowah when Nathan
delivered God's rebuke of what he had
done, which, by the way,
had nothing to do with having twenty or
thirty wives and concubines.
God didn't care.
He said, you know, if you wanted more,
I'd be happy to arrange more.
He didn't care about that stuff.
He cared about what he did to acquire
her and the man,
the good man that he had killed.
And then him,
he wrote the worst letter ever written.
And when he was confronted by Nathan in
what was an extraordinarily eloquent
speech that was given to him,
the words by Yahowah.
Dowd's response is found in the
fifty-first
Mizmowr song.
It's repulsive.
He absolutely lost it.
Now,
if you're wondering how in the world can
somebody serve as the Passover lamb and
have lost it,
have been such a corrupt individual.
Now, prior to this,
Dowd had forty eight years of honorable
service.
Where he was the best man, I think,
in the world, brightest, most articulate,
most heroic.
Extraordinary life.
Forty eight years.
Eight years longer than Moshe.
But ultimately it got to be too much
for him.
And he crumbled.
Just as Moshe crumbled.
Representing Yahowah is a tough job.
No one has been able to see it
to completion up to this point.
And he said a lot of things that
he should not have said.
In fact,
I would be certain that you don't know.
But God has a plan to resolve these.
Maybe you've heard of a man named Chanowk.
Enoch is how the name is typically
rendered, but it's Chanowk.
That he walked with God and then God
took him.
That's the model.
That's the man.
God has souls that he trusts,
that he's worked with in the past.
that he inserts into situations that need
rectifying.
There was none ever that needed more
rectifying than what happened with Dowd.
Because here I'm gonna tell you that if
Dowd isn't convinced to return to Yahowah,
then he doesn't come back in a second
of three lives to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, which is what he did.
He was the one that was crucified in
thirty-three CE, fulfilling Passover,
opening the doorway to life.
He was the one that took our guilt
and deposited it into Sheowl on Matsah,
making us innocent before God.
He is the firstborn of God that fulfilled
firstborn children, Bikuwrym,
the following day.
all exactly on the schedule that he
foretold through Daniel in five fifty five
B.C.E.
telling us exactly the day that he would
fulfill Chag Matsah.
And so this intervention was absolutely
necessary.
And that's what this Mizmowr is about.
And it.
Eythan ha Ezrachy
who is that exact same soul as Enoch
from
so many years prior, said the following.
He's speaking to Yahowah.
You convey mashal, portraits,
comprised of words when exercising your
authority, gloriously triumphing,
triumphing with the surging sea,
that would be with the Gentile,
agitating with
going after the religious in particular,
by majestically raising the illustrious
and reoccurring force of the one from the
West who can be very abrasive.
By lifting up his rolling stones among the
turbulent waves as a witness,
You laud and extol them with exuberant
statements, commending their value,
eliminating the noise, calming the chaos,
and quieting the situation through them.
I've done two shows to explain what these
words mean,
and I'm just going to give you the
short version now.
God began with Gentiles,
turned to Yahuwdym.
Yahuwdym turned against God.
God left.
He didn't change his loyalty.
Yahuwdym are still the chosen people,
but they wrote Yahowah out of their lives.
They even changed their names to Jews so
they wouldn't have Yahowah in their name.
Yahuwd means Yahowah and Dowd.
You erased Yahowah's name.
You became religious instead of engaging
in the covenant.
And there wasn't a single Yahuwd, not one.
for over two thousand five hundred years
that would listen to Yahowah.
Now the greater Isaiah scroll,
it's been out on display,
probably tucked away now with all the
missiles incoming.
But why don't you read it and see
what it says about these things,
because it tells you exactly what I'm
telling you now.
That there would be,
in fact you can even read in the
Towrah, the twenty-ninth chapter,
there would be an Nakry,
an observant foreigner.
In the last days that would come to
save you from yourself as you revert to
the conditions experienced in Sodom and
the world erupts with explosives,
just like the brimstone that rained down
on Sodom.
That's what it looked like was happening
in Israel with those cluster munitions.
It's all spoken of.
in the prophets about even in the Towrah
that's what the twenty ninth chapter of
Dabarym Deuteronomy says about the
arrival of this Nakry he is speaking to
you now whether you want to accept that
or not is up to you frankly i
don't care my job isn't to convince you
My job is to get the attention of
those who are not so lost in religion
and politics that they're open to the
truth,
who know that the only one they can
trust is God and they need to return
to him.
And if you return to Yahowah,
he will return to you individually.
Collectively,
that will happen on Taruwah in your six
thousand Yah, September twenty fourth.
of twenty thirty three.
But individually,
there's still that opportunity for you.
But you're going to need to up your
game considerably.
I'd encourage you to go to YadaYah.com and
just start reading.
I had a woman today on one of
the social media platforms that asked me
to summarize the message.
She said, I went to YadaYah.com,
but the books are way too demanding and
there's just too many pages of them.
And so I just want the summary version.
I said, no.
God doesn't do summary versions.
I won't do it either.
God is more interested in keeping the
religious and political out of Shamaym
than he is encouraging someone to enter
Shamaym.
He has a very high standard and you
must earn his trust.
And you can't earn his trust by saying,
give me the simple version.
You need to listen to what he has
to say.
And Israel,
you haven't done that in a very long
time.
These rocks, that's Yahowah's pun.
I was named Craig.
It means crag.
That's the rocky crag that permeates the
Towrah and the prophets.
It begins in the Towrah.
That's the very source of Yahowah's light
when he attracted Moshe to him.
No, it wasn't a burning bush.
Read it again.
It's a rocky crag.
And so he says that...
This man from the west, from the sea,
would make him a Gentile.
He is the Nakry.
He'd have stones.
He's depicted as a bull.
He's turbulent.
He is also a witness, it says here.
He is lauded and extolled by Yahowah.
There are upwards of a thousand prophecies
about him.
He's also the Choter of Isaiah eleven.
Read all about it.
Prophecies were clear.
He is the man from Edom of Yashayah,
Isaiah, sixty-three.
Everywhere.
From the Towrah all the way through the
last of the prophets with Malachi.
And he will enter Jerusalem.
speaking from the Temple Mount,
purged of all of the Islamic scars,
with the tent of restoring witness
restored on the top of the Temple Mount,
and the Ark of the Covenant returned.
Ten statements,
the wretched in stone will be there as
well.
There'll be a scroll above our heads.
I'm going to return with ElYah.
Yahowah's God, you know about him?
And we're going to speak to you for
the last three and a half years,
calling you back home,
calling you to the Taruwah,
in gathering so that you're there for
Kipurym.
And while they say that the devastation to
Jews, the prophets have said,
will be worse than any time in your
history,
and they've been really bad in your
there will be quiet around the Temple
Mount because we see to it so that
you can listen to this message.
We quiet the chaos.
We calm the situation.
It goes on to say,
you batter and bruise, you reject,
you silence, you crush.
That which can be compared to,
now I want you to listen,
that which can be compared to the
reprehensible and yet pervasive,
the diseased and the deplorable,
the deadly nature of the ever popular
Rahab, Rahab.
the conceited and contentious,
the loud-mouthed afflictor,
the emboldened, confusing confabulator,
the audacious monster and mythical God,
Rahab.
Through your empowered and fortified,
courageous and confident,
unyielding and resolute,
Rahab is done in.
Bruised, rejected, silenced, and crushed.
By Yahowah's.
Ba'oz.
You ever heard of Ba'oz before?
Maybe you know it as, is what?
Bo'az?
Spelled exactly the same way.
It means with strength.
Isn't that the northern column on the
temple?
The one opposite of the city of Dowd
when the temple faces east?
Hmm?
Those are the other one.
Bo'az.
Ba'oz.
With strength.
You will crush.
You will reject.
Yahowah always worked with people.
And if Jews won't work with him,
he'll find someone else.
And so Rahab.
And I'll read those.
Adjectives that describe him again.
He is crushed.
He is rejected.
He is silenced through Yahowah's empowered
and fortified, courageous and confident,
unyielding and absolutely resolute,
Zarowa.
Zarowa, strong arm,
cultivating the harvest.
Two more harvests.
Shabuw'ah, Taruw'ah.
You isolate and you separate your
adversaries.
Rahab is the adversary.
That was Mizmowr
Eighty-Nine Ten.
This is the most important song ever sung.
From this point, by the way, this
Mizmowr
turns to Yahowah's voice and it speaks of
Dowd being the son of God,
being the Messiah, being the chosen one,
being the most set apart,
being the one who enabled the benefits of
the covenant,
the one through whom the covenant was
actually cut.
The Zarowa, the Passover lamb.
There isn't just one Zarowa,
there are three of them.
Moshe, Dowd,
and this fellow right here that takes on
Rahab.
So Rahab is Yahowah's most formidable foe,
as does as well the Messiahs.
He is adversarial.
Rahab is deplorable while being pervasive.
He is equated to a reprehensible pandemic
disease spread by popular repeal.
Fortunately, Rahab,
will eventually be thwarted by the Mashal
Proverbs,
the word pictures inspired by Yahowah and
scribed by this very man that collaborated
in writing this Mizmowr, Eythan ha Ezrachy,
and that is not a native born man.
Eythan's name is indicative of his role in
it, mirrors Chanowk's.
He is perpetually inserted into situations
like this to resolve them.
The surging sea God brings against Rahab
through exuberant statements calms the
chaos that has infused into politics and
religion.
Ultimately,
Yahowah's empowered and emboldened Zarowa
triumphs against Rahab,
silencing and crushing the adversary.
Now this is prophetically pointing towards
Yada's library of Yada Yahowah volumes
positioned against satanic religions,
Twistianity.
I've written five books proving that
Jesus was not a God,
that he never existed, and that Paul lied.
It's called Appalling, the first volume.
Then Towrahless is the second volume.
The third volume is Devil's Advocate.
The fourth volume is Incredible.
And the final closing volume is Foolology.
I have received thousands of death threats
for having written Prophet of Doom and now
expanded it into the five volumes of
Goddamn Religion.
All free for you if you'll just go
and read them at YadaYah.com.
Volume one is called Snake.
Two is Satanic.
Three is Submission.
Four is Slaughter.
And five is Sunnah.
all proving that Allah is no God,
that Muhammad wasn't a prophet,
but also demonstrating emphatically that
the only reason Islam exists today is
because rabbis sold Muhammad Talmud
readings that he used to make the Quran
seem religious.
I've also written a three-volume series
called Babel: Beast, Abominable,
and Venomous.
And in it,
I proved that the book of Ezekiel
was inspired by Satan.
And then I've written the Yada Yahowah series.
Time of Trouble is the ninth volume of
that series,
which prophetically identifies this beast
and the harvest,
which are being specified under the
circumstances where the adversary meets
his doom.
He fails on Taruwah.
It is interesting
It is by killing me that he destroys
himself.
That's quite a story,
but you'll find that story in Numbers 19,
that resolves the problem of Numbers five,
as it,
the whole series of events is presented in
Numbers 15,
to resolve the problem that Moshe ran into
in Numbers 11 and 12, a lot to read.
I know it's a lot to,
even write down,
but you know the nice thing about these
programs is you can replay that,
listen to it, and go to YadaYahowah.com,
and we have a translation index.
Read what I've discovered about each of
those.
Also relevant,
all of this pertains to Dowd, our Messiah,
our King,
because Christianity stole his legacy to
create the myth of Christ.
Islam murdered his people,
and Judaism took God's people away from
him.
And the events of the last days all
lead to the king's return.
Now, regarding Rahab, as we know
as we know Yashyah
Isaiah 14
is devoted
entirely
to exposing
and condeming
this arrogant
Babylonian
Beast, this
confabulator
with the diabolical legacy
but since
Satan appears
there by his
actual name
Halal ben
Shachar
I wanna turn to the other places where
the adversary bears this menacing title
and there are three more, Rahab.
Recognizing that it's the most confusing
of the three remaining,
the first chronologically nonetheless is
found in Mizmowr Psalms, eithy-seven, four.
The reasons for the concern are that its
seven short lines were scribed by the sons
of Qorach.
You probably know them.
They're men with a highly checkered past.
This Mizmowr would have been written by
those in service to Dowd,
but it affords Yahowah credit for founding
the city of Dowd.
And Yahowah worked through Dowd to
accomplish that.
It says that Ya'aqob lived there,
which is not the case unless the name
is being used as a metaphor for Israel.
But even then,
they would have just moved in.
After saying that significant things are
spoken of the city of God,
it doesn't bother to mention one.
The lyrics abruptly transition to
remembering Rahab.
whose only prior mention was as a
prostitute in Jericho serving Israeli
spies, but that's not the same one.
This one's latter days in times.
Now, nevertheless,
this Rahab is associated with Babylon and
the message is said to be a warning
to the Philistines and to the Phoenicians,
it reads.
Mizmowr
Melodious Lyrics of a Song of the
sons of Qorach bald.
The foundation is by him within the set
apart mount.
Yahowah loves the gates of Zion,
which means signs posted along the way.
More than all of the dwelling places of
Ya'aqob, which means reward or consequence.
Mizmowr
Eighty-Two.
excuse me, eighty seven, one and two.
Significant and weighty, notoriety,
distinguishing and horrible things are
spoken within you.
I should say distinguishing and honorable
things are spoken within you,
city of the almighty.
Selah I ponder the implications?
Eighty seven, three.
I remember and recall
They wrote, Rahab,
the conceited and contentious.
Who's the most conceited and contentious
politician?
Not only in the world today, maybe ever.
Who is the most conceited and contentious
public figure in the world today and maybe
ever?
Who is loud mouth afflicting?
Who is a confusing confabulator?
Who's the man who acts like an audacious
monster?
A cannibal.
Who's the man who is followed by those
who make him out to be a god?
Who is the man trying to reestablish the
Fourth Reich?
Rahab.
And Rahab is associated with Babel.
Of course,
you know that Babel means Babylon,
but that's not actually what it means,
is it?
You know that, don't you?
You know that Babel is written exactly
like Bible.
And you know that it means to confound
and to confuse by commingling truth and
lies.
The Talmud is Babel.
The Christian New Testament is Babel.
The Quran is Babel.
Politics is Babel.
So I remember and recall Rahab,
the conceited and contentious loudmouth
afflictor and his confusing
confabulations,
this audacious monster as a mythical God.
And Babel,
the confounding confusion and commingling
of this association with Babylon.
Approach those who are familiar with
Yada.
That would be me.
Who know me.
Behold, and be aware, Palestine,
Palestinians rolling in the dust,
the splint and knife of Tyre,
with those Kuwsh boring and digging
tunnels.
This one was conceived here by this name.
This is more, Eighty-Seven Four.
That's pretty good at this prophecy stuff,
don't you think?
And of Zion, again,
means the signs posted along the way.
These are the signs posted from the city
of Dowd and Dowd's home at the bottom
of the ridgeline of Moriah all the way
to the top of the Temple Mount,
which was the home for Yahowah's name.
And of Zion,
the signs posted along the way.
It will be said,
one man and then another man were
conceived for her
They're Dowd and Yaa, by the way,
the king and the Nakry.
Then he himself will establish, develop,
prepare and appoint her steadfast and
ready.
Obviously with these two men,
if you're listening.
For Elyown,
are you familiar with the composition of
Elyown?
Have you heard of Shabatown?
Shabatown is all things pertaining to the
Shabat, correct?
The on ending in Hebrew,
and it's a suffix that is used quite
frequently.
It means all things pertaining to what
went before it.
You're familiar with el,
which would be the Ayin and Lamed.
It means almighty.
But it's followed by the Yowd.
The Yowd either means my almighty or
therefore all things pertaining to my
almighty,
or it means all things pertaining to what
Yowd represents in the original alphabet
that was used to describe the Towrah,
which is God's hand reaching out to us
with an open hand.
And so Elyown would be all things
pertaining to the hand and influence of
God.
Do you know there's a man,
a man that Yahowah calls Elyown?
And if you don't, why don't you?
I do.
Who is the man that Yahowah calls Elyown?
Happens to be the same man that he
calls his Bakowr, his firstborn son.
The first man that he said he himself
anointed as Messiah.
The same man that he said he cut
the covenant establishing the Beryth with.
The same man that he called a Zarowa,
the very sacrificial lamb of Passover.
The very man that he called his chosen
one.
The very man that he said is the
returning king whose seat of honor will
exist throughout all time.
He called that man Elyown,
all things pertaining.
to the influence of God.
That man is Dowd.
In writing down a written record of the
people and of the family,
it's this one who was conceived and
brought forth.
Thereby, this name and renown,
selah ponder the implications.
It was all written about your returning
king, Dowd.
You ever read the creation account and
wonder why the fourth day,
it seems to speak of the sun and
moon being created,
but out of sync because life was created
the previous day and life can't exist
without the sun.
And of course the sun existed before the
earth and life is only in the last
billion years, plant life,
and the earth and the sun are,
you know, four and a half,
five billion years old.
because it said nothing of creating either
in the fourth day.
It doesn't even call them the sun and
the moon.
It calls them the greater and lesser
luminaries.
And it says that they are signs for
the Mowedym.
The Mowedym are the seven invitations to
meet with God.
They are the restoring witnesses to the
eternal testimony.
They are Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
And let me tell you so that you
do not lose track of this.
Matsah is the key date.
Pesach is just the first day of Chag
Matsah.
And Bikuwrym is the third.
Shabuwah, Taruwah, both harvests.
Kipurym,
the day of reconciliation when Dowd
returns as the Messiah and King with
Yahowah.
And then Kipurym,
where we get to camp out with God
who returns the entire earth to the
conditions experienced in Eden
That's the one, Elyown.
It's Dowd, thereby this name and renown.
So singers and in harmony with the
dancers,
all my springs and sources of life are
with you.
The conclusion of Mizmowr
Psalms, eighty-seven, seven.
Well, these balding sons, even if they
were the descendants of traders,
they certainly foresaw the events
pertaining to Rahab.
And they have foretold what will
eventually play out on and around the
Temple Mount in the city of Dowd.
Yes,
Rahab will be taken down on the Temple
Mount.
Taruwah, the twenty-fourth of September,
twenty-thirty-three.
A full eclipse of the sun.
This Babylonian adversary would covet the
place that Yahowah loves above all others.
By implication,
Rahab would try to erase the Zion,
the signs posted along the way,
and misdirect the world through Babel,
confounding, confusion,
commingling religion and politics,
just as we're watching the great copper
confabulator now in Donald Trump.
Those who have become familiar with Yahowah
through Yada are inspired to approach at
this time.
By contrast,
the knife-wielding Palestinians emerging
from their tunnels and covered in dust
will be warned to stay away.
That's what the rocks are for,
those surging waves.
It's Israel and Yahuwd who were born here,
not Muslims.
According to the prophecy,
two men would work together,
both associated with the signs of Zion,
both devoted to Jerusalem.
They were conceived for this purpose,
according to God, long, long ago.
And as a result, they are established,
prepared,
appointed by God such that they are
reliable and ready.
They, and it's he, her, that...
are appointed and positioned to serve,
they are serving the city of Dowd because
it is the last feminine singular reference
in the Mizmowr.
Ultimately,
these two Ish men are so immersed into
Jerusalem and Ha Qodesh,
the Set-apart Mount,
that they serve to prepare the world for
Elyown,
all things pertaining to the influence of
Almighty God.
And Elyown,
as I have shared so many times,
is written in the next section of the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
and it is applied to one man, Dowd.
Symbolizing the restored reputation of our
king as he returns with Yahowah,
whose name is also restored.
So it's a portrait of Yada serving Dowd,
the lesser luminary serving the greater
luminary as signs for the Mowedym.
Just as Genesis one reads.
Ultimately,
this is a prophetic portrayal of the
showdown on the Temple Mount.
It is an opposition to the conceited and
contentious Rahab.
You see,
the Rahab who should be obvious to you
now,
this confabulator of Babel is Donald
Trump.
I came to realize that almost two years
ago.
Then I've been proving it and denouncing
him ever since.
He is going to move to Jerusalem,
the twenty ninth of January,
twenty thirty.
On the Ides of March,
March fifteenth of twenty thirty,
he's going to proclaim that he's a God.
He is going to make Israel defenseless.
His first act, by the way,
will take place shortly as things continue
to degenerate in this war with Iran.
The only way to stop it is going
to be to forfeit the heart of Israel
as a Islamic state.
That's what's going to happen.
The prophets have spoken.
So at different times, and also together,
these two men work as one,
both conceived for this purpose.
And those who ponder the implications of
what they achieved by fulfilling the
Mowedym, Dowd: Pesach, Matsah, and Bikurwrym,
Yada: Shabuwah, and Taruwah,
on behalf of Dowd's return on Kipurym,
such that we work in harmony during
Sukah, doing so in the city of Dowd.
And those who are there will be singing
and dancing in the fountains of life as
they are released from the set-apart mount
to restore the souls who were cleansed on
Taruwah.
Now in this regard,
Satan's final death blow will be his
undoing.
When he manifests within Donald Trump,
slays me as the Adamah Parah,
this bullish and productive man,
doing so on Yom Taruwah,
the day of the herald,
my nephesh soul and Rahab's ruwach spirit
will head in the opposite directions.
So all of this is to affirm that
we have correctly identified the nature
and timing of the great Rahab showdown.
It'd be the greatest show on earth.
But there's more.
In Yashayah, Isaiah 37
Rahab is among the beasts of the Negeb,
placing him within the land of Israel
during the Time of Trouble,
opposing the Epheah,
the hissing and negating viper.
And the flying seraph,
flying fiery serpent,
he will be the Labya.
The ones who will be against them is
the Labya,
the roaring heart of a white lioness and
a Lysh, a boldly ferocious mature lion.
There are so many pictures now with AI,
they can create AI Jesus,
and they have AI Jesus morphing into a
white lion, as if, you know,
somehow he is the lion of Judah,
but he's nothing but a rotten myth.
Lysh is the boldly,
boldly ferocious mature lion that's going
to take Rahab down.
And his bride, his wife, is Labya,
the roaring heart of the white lioness.
She is also...
The ‘Amah that is spoken of so frequently
throughout the prophets and so gloriously
from Dowd himself as he thanks Yahowah for
providing his ‘Amah.
Dowd,
the man who did not really know his
mother,
was abandoned by his mother and father and
had really crappy parents,
was provided surrogate parents by God.
They are the white lioness and this boldly
ferocious mature lion,
the Layba and the in the prophecy.
The roaring woman and the mature man with
a considerable bite represented by the
lions defeat the hissing viper and his
accompanying flying fiery serpent would be
Satan.
and the man he occupies.
As this occurs,
the most capable of his combatants and his
belligerents, you know,
a lot of them will be jihadists.
I don't know if there'll be any magas
there or any magas left,
but they'll certainly be jihadists,
will be carried off by donkeys.
Appropriate, don't you think?
Their supplies by camels,
even more appropriate.
This is to infer, of course,
that they will be Arab Muslims and thus
jihadists.
And of them,
God says that they are worthless.
They are inept.
And having written Goddamn Religion,
I concur, but you need to read it.
All the while,
the one who controls and oppresses through
religion and politics along with his
military will have been engaged,
constraining and abusing people.
He will abandon Israel at this time.
This is the great betrayal.
Satan and his stooge will do nothing
when counted upon.
Their prior promises will be rendered
utterly meaningless according to Yashayah,
who never missed on the prophecy.
The promises of Donald Trump and the demon
that possesses him will be nothing more
than delusional and empty words without
merit.
Having made promises to defend Israel,
they will betray God's people.
I've been telling you this for almost two
years because I've read it in the
prophets.
Now this is confirmed because we know from
our prior studies of Yashayah, Isaiah,
17 and 18
we know the timing and the betrayal.
And the one who betrays Israel,
the great betrayer,
is the demon-possessed, egomaniacal,
sexually perverted,
and diabolically vicious Donald Trump.
He is the one who will have been
president of the United States of America,
which is depicted
as the final blow to Israel that causes
a Fakestinian state.
He and his satanic partner are Rahab.
This is the message Yahowah was emphatic
that Yashayah commit to writing so that we,
as we approach the last days,
could read it, understand it, explain it,
and share it with you.
With that introduction,
here is that prophecy.
Listen, Yisrael.
A prophetic pronouncement about the
impending burden of the beasts of the
Negeb, of the parched.
Within the land of Tsarah,
anguishing confinement and trouble,
even oppression when besieged in dire
straits.
The Labya,
the roaring heart of the white lioness,
and the Lysh,
the boldly ferocious mature lion,
will be against them.
They will be against this Epheah,
this hissing and negating viper,
and the flying, oof, fiery serpent.
Their strongest and most capable fighters,
will be carried away upon asses and
donkeys and upon the humps of camels,
their treasury, arsenal,
and food supplies among a people who have
absolutely no value or benefit and who
will not succeed.
They will accomplish nothing.
Isaiah 30:6.
Then the assistance and support of
Mitsraym,
the one who controls and oppresses through
politics, religion, and the military,
abusing and restricting people.
It's from that same word.
Sorrow will be for naught and in vain,
utterly meaningless and a waste of breath,
a delusional fantasy of empty words
without merit.
You negotiate with demons.
What do you expect?
As a result, and for these reasons,
I will call what pertains to this
individual man, to this individual man, Rahab,
they're conceited and contentious,
loudmouthed and pretentious,
confusing and audacious,
afflicting monstrous beast and mythical
God.
Incapacitating and incapacitated.
Sitting this one out, doing nothing.
Yashayah, Isaiah, verse 30:7.
So now go,
because it's imperative that you write
this down on a tablet to accompany them
and also upon a written document,
whether a scroll or a book,
you must inscribe it as if engraving it
by chiseling it in stone,
portraying it as decreed.
My guess is that if you're a Jew
listening to this,
you've never heard it before.
Why?
Then it will come to exist,
pursuant to a day, in the end, acharown,
in the end, acharown,
all things pertaining to the last days.
For the Ad, the restoring witness,
ad of the eternal testimony,
continuing and continually providing
evidence throughout all time, Owlam,
from antiquity into perpetuity.
the future and forevermore, Isaiah,
30:8.
It is as the prophets foretold,
whether you're looking at the depiction
provided by Gabry'el and Myka'el,
Gabry'el is Dowd the one who is the
most courageous and capable man of God,
not an angel.
And Myka'el is the lesser luminary,
the one who explains the prophecy,
the one who's right about God.
They describe this man with his comb over
hair, his long on days, very old,
sexually perverted, egomaniacal,
seeking control of the world,
betraying Israel.
Right now.
Doing so seven years before.
Yahowah and Dowd return.
Right now.
It's Donald Trump.
He has been possessed by Satan.
I'm not speculating.
I'm not giving you my opinion.
I'm telling you this as a fact.
The prophets are never wrong.
He is the great betrayer of Israel.
The man that you think is protecting you,
the man that Israel loves is the great
betrayer.
He is Satan in the flesh.
This is the only informed and rational
conclusion that can be deduced from the
depictions in Yashayah Isaiah, Daniel.
And even Ezekiel,
which speaks of this man as a real
estate consultant that's doing all the
measurements for this grandiose temple to
Satan, cover all of Judea,
not just Jerusalem,
not just the Temple Mount.
And he's called a copper man in addition
to the Psalms.
In alliance with Satan,
they have become the embodiment of Rahab,
An egocentric man and his false god,
Satan.
Fortunately,
they will have met their match in the
Acharown, in the end,
as a result of the Ad,
the restoring witness to the Ad,
eternal testimony,
who continually provides evidence
throughout time, Owlam,
from antiquity into perpetuity and
forevermore.
Even though we have resolved the identity
of Rahab,
we have not yet completed our evaluation
of the prophetic implications conveyed
throughout this,
about this adversarial demonic duo of
Donald Trump and Satan,
because Rahab is also the subject of
Yashayah Isaiah, fifty-one and nine,
which is the last time he is mentioned,
four is enough.
And once again,
the antagonist's antagonist,
is Yahowah's unyielding Zarowa.
And Israel,
you don't even know about that title,
do you?
And it's vastly more important than
Messiah,
vastly more important than Messiah.
This time,
rather than referring to Rahab as the
integration of the hissing viper and the
flying fiery serpent,
he is their evil twin, the Tanyn.
the monstrous serpent,
who is the diabolical dragon, Tanyn.
Rahab, Satan.
Donald Trump is literally Satan in the
flesh.
And it should be obvious.
You should choose to be alert and aroused
You should choose to be alert and aroused,
Israel,
opting to rise up and to be exposed
while uncovering and unmasking the
blindness and the injustice of others,
your politicians that have led you astray,
and those rabbis who have damned you.
Decide of your own free will to be
clothed in confidence and courage and
boldness and in might and in power and
in strength to accomplish anything and
withstand everything.
Fortified and resolute,
unyielding and steadfast, Oz,
as the Zarowa of Yahowah,
the strong arm of God cultivating the
seeds for a productive harvest unto
Yahowah.
You should choose to be alert and aroused,
to rise up while exposing blindness and
injustice in the manner of the days from
long ago to forevermore.
Why?
Because this same man that serves as the
final Zarowa has been inserted into the
scene to solve problems from almost the
beginning.
It is God's way,
from before time to eternal time,
for the generations, for the places,
for the epics of time,
from antiquity and into the future
forevermore.
Yes or no?
Will it not be you,
as the Zarowa of Yahowah,
who will dig the grave
who will flash a brilliant and bright
light and then cut into pieces,
carving up Rahab.
The conceited and contentious
confabulator,
the loud mouthed pretentious afflictor,
the emboldened confusing and audacious
monster with his mythical God, Rahab.
arrogant and stormy, frenzy and haughty,
insolent and idolatrous,
defiant and overly verbose,
senseless and insubordinate,
self-absorbed and self-motivated,
an abuser falsely claiming divine status
and authorization as you pierce by showing
contempt for Tanyn,
this monstrous serpent and diabolical
dragon.
Damn straight, I will.
The message is clear, bold.
Rahab is the corporeal manifestation of
Satan who betrays Israel in the last days.
He is demonic and devilish,
conceited and confounding,
loudmouthed and vicious,
a senseless confabulator who is
exceedingly abusive.
He is the integration of Satan and Trump.
who,
after making all manner of promises to
Israel, won't honor any of them.
Promising to defend and support Israel,
he will do the opposite and aid and
abet her enemies as he blames the nation's
subjugation on their miscalculations
rather than his own.
However Yahowah's Zarowa stands resolutely
against Hell's ambassadors on Taruwah.
while serving as the Adamah Parah,
this bullish man and productive bull.
By striking him,
Satan and Trump will have rendered their
final blow.
The Tanyn,
this monstrous serpent and diabolical
dragon will be no more.
Yes, in killing my body,
they will destroy their soul.
And in my body, Israel will live.
It's the story of the Adamah Parah,
Numbers nineteen,
purging the adulterous woman of Numbers
five of her guilt so that she can
be betrothed to the returning king, Dowd.
And this is the message of Eythan
ha Ezrachy, delivered to Dowd from Yahowah.
No Dowd it got the king's attention.
as it did mine and as it should
yours.
You are now a vassal Israel, a Rahab.
Benjamin Netanyahu has put you into this
mess.
You have followed a leader drunk on power.
He knows nothing but war.
You have a horrendous enemy that is all
around you.
That enemy is Islam.
The enemy of October seventh was Islam.
The enemy, fourteen hundred years ago,
was Islam.
But the enemy in your midst is your
rabbis and your politicians,
and they have led you away from Yahowah.
They have erased his name.
They have robbed and plundered your soul.
They have led you astray.
You need
to honor the first condition of the
covenant,
which is to walk away from Babel,
just as Abraham and Sarah did.
Walking away from the integration of
religion and politics that so permeates
Israel.
You must do this before you can even
approach God.
Then you must restore his name,
come to appreciate
his beloved son,
who enabled the benefits of the covenant,
act upon what he has given to you
as a gift.
Come home.
Return to Yahowah.
Listen, please.
And I would encourage you,
tell your friends about this program.
Have them listen too.
Have everyone you love listen.
Go to YadaYah.com.
Verify that everything I have told you is
true.
I love you.
I will lay down my life for you.
I thank you for listening.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.